You fight like a Dairy Farmer!
How appropriate! You fight like a cow!

This is the END for you, you gutter crawling cur!
And I've got a little TIP for you, get the POINT?

I've spoken with apes more polite than you!
I'm glad to hear you attended your family reunion!

Soon you'll be wearing my sword like a shish kebab!
First you better stop waving it about like a feather duster.

People fall at my feet when they see me coming!
Even BEFORE they smell your breath?

I'm not going to take your insolence sitting down! 
Your hemorroids are flaring up again eh?

I once owned a dog that was smarter than you.
He must have taught you everything you know.

Nobody's ever drawn blood from me and nobody ever will.
You run THAT fast?

Have you stopped wearing diapers yet?
Why? Did you want to borrow one?

There are no words for how disgusting you are.
Yes there are. You just never learned them.

You make me want to puke.
You make me think somebody already did.

My handkerchief will wipe up your blood!
So you got that job as janitor, after all.

I got this scar on my face during a mighty struggle!
I hope now you've learned to stop picking your nose.

I've heard you are a contemptible sneak.
Too bad no one's ever heard of YOU at all.

You're no match for my brains, you poor fool.
I'd be in real trouble if you ever used them.

You have the manners of a beggar.
I wanted to make sure you'd feel comfortable with me.

Every enemy I've met I've annihilated!
With your breath, I'm sure they all suffocated.

You're as repulsive as a monkey in a negligee.
I look THAT much like your fiancée?

Would you like to be buried or cremated?
With you around, I'd prefer to be fumigated.

Heaven preserve me! You look like something that's died!
The only way you'll be preserved is in formaldehyde.

I'll skewer you, like a sow at a buffet.
When I'm done with YOU, you'll be a boneless fillet!

Killing you would be justifiable homicide.
Then killing you must be justifiable fungicide.

En garde! Touché!
Oh, that is so cliché!

Throughout the Caribbean my great deeds are celebrated!
Too bad they're all fabricated.

When your father first saw you, he must have been mortified.
At least mine can be identified.

You can't match my witty repartee.
I could, if you would use some breath spray.

I can't rest until you've been exterminated!
Then perhaps you should switch to decaffeinated.

You're the ugliest monster ever created.
If you don't count all the ones you've dated.

I'll leave you devastated, mutilated and perforated.
Your odor alone makes me aggravated, agitated, and infuriated!

Coming face to face with me must leave you petrified.
Is that your face? I thought it was your backside!

I'll hound you night and day!
Then be a good dog. Sit! Stay!
